# HSR (Human Support Robot) Web Server
This is the repository for the HSR web server that allows the HSR to request
help for understanding it's environment by sending images to a server that then broadcasts the image to clients.

## Installation
Tested and maintained for Python 2.7.10
### Clone the Repo
```
git clone https://github.com/ChrisP19/hsr_web.git
```

### Virtual Environment Setup
Before installing dependencies, we strongly recommend that you setup a virtual environment in the folder that you clone the repo in. This makes sure that
your dependencies are fully compatible with the python version we recommend (2.7).

```
virtualenv -p /usr/bin/python2.7 hsr_web
cd hsr_web
source bin/activate
```

### Installing Using Pip
To install dependencies, we recommend cloning into the repo and installing the libraries using pip
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Running the Server
To startup the server, run the following shell script.
```
sh makecomm.sh
```
To startup the client, open up a new terminal tab and run psiturk. Then turn the
server on, change the mode to live, and run debug. The GUI interface should now be
available in your web browser. (if you have AdBlock make sure it is disabled)
```
psiturk
mode
server on
debug
```
If you want to startup the client on a different computer on the LAN, use the link
generated by psiturk in the terminal after running debug. Copy that link into a browser
on your other computer, replacing the "0.0.0.0" with the ip address of the computer your
server is running on. The GUI should now be available.

### Sending Labels to the HSR
On the GUI click begin experiment, then I agree. You should be greeted with a loading screen.
When an image appears you can draw a bounding box around objects in the image. You can then
give the object in the bounding box a label by selecting one of the label options from the
dropdown menu. Click send to send the label to the server. Click clear all to clear all
drawn bounding boxes in the image.
